Add vm live migration monitoring doc (#857)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/live-migration.md

Live migration will also be aborted when copying memory doesn't make any progress in 150s.

> ## Monitoring

Reviewer: Not a bad idea to have this in the monitoring page. However, I do want it to be more visible because live migration is a critical use case. How about:

* Move this content to a new section named "Live Migration Status And Metrics" in the "Monitoring" page
* Add a href from this section to the monitoring page

Re: screenshots/pictures, we discussed during team meeting to avoid them as they eventually become outdated and misleading. It's better to just described the navigation and action steps in bullet forms. cc @jillian-maroket

> ## Monitoring

Reviewer 2: Agree. Here is the suggested text for this section:

```
For information about viewing real-time metrics, see [Live Migration Status and Metrics](%LINK%).
```

> ## Monitoring

Reviewer: Is there anything unclear in this PR that requires screenshots? Is the navigation or page layout very different from the rest of the UI that require screenshots to help the reader to achieve their goals?

What I heard during the team meeting was that the screenshots are a maintenance burden for others.

Looking at Rancher, K3s, LH and Kubernetes monitoring documentation, the only pictorial illustration is one architecture diagram in one of the LH monitoring sub-pages. Generally, diagrams are used either for architecture documentation to explain complex concepts or "getting started" documentation for beginners, not for task-based documentation.

Live migration will also be aborted when copying memory doesn't make any progress in 150s.

## Monitoring

> Live migration is a critical use case for ensuring workload uptime. Harvester exposes critical data and metrics to provide insights into the progress of the live migration operation via the [rancher-monitoring](../monitoring/harvester-monitoring.md) add-on. With the add-on enabled, real time metrics can be observed in the virtual machine "Migration" page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Live Migration Status and Metrics

Live migration is a critical feature for ensuring workload uptime. The Harvester UI displays key data and metrics regarding the progress of the live migration operation via the [rancher-monitoring](../monitoring/harvester-monitoring.md) add-on. When the add-on is enabled, you can view real-time metrics on the **Migration** tab of the virtual machine details screen.
```

Reviewer 2: I added a heading assuming that this will be moved to the "Monitoring" page.

Author: I modified the suggestion and updated the rancher-monitoring link to `../advanced/addons.md`, since the original one pointed back to the same page.

> To view the live migration status and metrics in the Harvester UI:
> 
> 1. Enable the **rancher-monitoring** add-on.
> 1. Go to the **Virtual Machine** page.
> 1. Go to the **Migration** page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Enable the **rancher-monitoring** add-on.
1. Go to **Virtual Machines**.
1. Locate the virtual machine in the list, and then click the name to view its details.
1. Go to the **Migration** tab.
```
